Definitions

WEB
-------
Web is a display of any Company, industary, group or individual. In a display you shows the product you are making or selling,
the product you wants to buy, or any information you wants to share with viewers to get their attention.
It is used for sharing information world wide. Right now we are using WEB for many purpose like Shopping,
Business, Banking, Entertainment, providing services, making friends, this and that.

Web Address
-----------
A web address must be unique, there can not be two companies with same name. Basically a Web address is your URL
(Universal Resource Locator). A URL looks like "http://www.Kiko.com". 
While "Http" is a Protocol "and www.Kiko.com" is the actuall 
address. A protocol defines the way you talk and other understands it. 
So there are many countries and many people and they use many languages, Now if everybody speaks his own language with eachother
people will hardly understand eachother. Like I speaks Urdu, You Speaks English.. if we talk in our languages with eachother we will not understand eachother
So we use a standard which is "ENGLISH". And thats how our communcation is being done.
Protocol is as same as communication Standard.
So the "Http" is Protocol and the remaining part is your Actuall Address..
well actually www.Kiko.com is what you see.. but your actuall address is somthing else behind it. 
lets say... dont worry about it now.. because its all math lol.. just fo ease of use we named it as we want
like www.faisal.com, www.Kiko.com, www.SaraMilko.com
well we are human but have different names. so is WEB.

Now you understands a WEB, The Web Address, URL, and Protocol. We will come to those back in detail if neccessary.

OK.. for Making a Web you need a Language to talk to computer so Mr Computer can make a Web for you to see.
Computer understands many languages as we do. 
A language called "HTML" is used for Making a simple WEB.

HTML
----
HTML (Hyper Text Mark-up Language) is used for making Web. Its a basic language and is as simple as english.
Using this Language we can creat e a web easily.
OK Eevery language has some Syntax and Semantic.
Like in English any word Like ( YOU, ME, HIM, HER, This, What, Hello, Love, Hate and whole english 
contains Syntax.. ok so English is made of Syntax. Now using Syntax you can create a Sentense. like 
I am Working Now. Now they way you created a sentense is Semantic. You can not say it like "Working am Now I"
so the semantic is to represent the syntax in a way that it will make sense to everyone.

Ok before I go any further I will tell you what things will u be requiring to Develop a WEB.
1. NOTEPAD
2. Web Browser

hmmmmm... ok I will email you next time about HTML tomorw ok sweetheart. 
Please go through this notes over n over till  understands or memorize the term i explained you.
well No worries too much you... 
and YES.. always Ask Questions ok... teacher love the student who ask questions ok.. 
but no irrelevant questions ok sweety lol.. 

ok Love u.. Miss u
tell ur mama I love her.. miss her.. talk to her soon.. lotsa love 
ur Teacher lol
See yaa mmmmmmmmmmuah